I share a bathroom with my roommate. this usually is not a problem. We try to
keep the sink, the tub and the toilet clean. But we use seperate medicine
cabinet to put our things. There is also room to put the hairdryer and tampon.

I rincing my mouth by toothwash before flossing. Then I take out my toothbrush
and toothepaste. I only wash my hair one other days, so I use a bathcap and
dont't need to take out the shampoo and conditioner. When I have enough time,
I like to take bubble bath, but in a busy morning a shower has to do. I
quickly my body, and make a quick shake on my legs.

I don't like to put a lot of make-up when i go to the office, so I just put on
a few blush and a light-colorerd lipstick, and skip the maracade and eye
shadow. I put a few hot curler. I am ready for breakfast.




I share a bathroom with my roommate, which is usually not a problem. We each
try to keep the sink, the tub and the toilet clean, and we seperate medicine
cabinets to keep our things. There is also room under the sink for our
hairdryers and tampons.


I start out by rinsing my mouth with some mouthwash before flossing. Then, I
take out my toothbrush and toothepaste and blush my teeth. I only wash my hair
every other day, so I put on a showercap and dont't have to take out the
shampoo and conditioner. I like to take bubble baths when I have enough time,
, but on a busy morning a shower will have to do. I lather up quickly, and
gives my legs a quick shake.

I don't like to put a lot of make-up when i go to the office, so I just put on
a few blush and a light-colorerd lipstick, and skip the maracade and eye
shadow. I put a few hot curler. I am ready for breakfast.





I share a bathroom with my roommate, which is usually not a problem. We each
keep the sink, the tub, and the toilet clean and we have seperate medicine
cabinets to keep our things. We also have room under the sink for our
hairdryers and tampons.

I start out rinsing my mouth with a few mouthwash before flossing. Then I take
out toothbrush and toothpaste and brush the teeth. I only wash my head every
othe day, so I put on my shower cap and I haven't to get out my shampoo and
conditioner. I like bubble bath when there's enough, but in a busy morning,
a shower will have to do. I lather up quickly and give my legs a quick shave. 

I start out rinsing my mouth with a few mouthwash before flossing. Then I take
out toothbrush and toothpaste and brush my teeth. I only wash my hair every
othe day, so I put on a shower cap and don't have to get out my shampoo and
conditioner. I like bubble baths when I have time, but on a busy morning,
a shower will have to do. I lather up quickly and give my legs a quick shave. 

I don't wear a lot of make-up to work, so I just put on some blush, and a
light-colored lipstick, and I skip the mascara and eye shadow. I put some
curlers in my hair and I'm ready for breakfast.






































